How can I help you, sir?
See the man talking to your
bank manager has his case open?
That's Mr. Gwendon, one of
our assistant managers.
Our manager is Mr. Schoen.
He's not in today.
You see the man
with the briefcase?
Yes.
That's my partner.
He has a gun in there.
If you don't do
exactly what I say,
I'm gonna look at my partner and he'll
shoot Mr. Gwendon between the eyes.
[SIGHS]
Take one of those big envelopes and
pack it with 100s, 50s and 20s.
Nothing with bank straps or rubber bands.
No dye packs. No bait money.
Start with the second drawer,
then the one over there.
It's okay. Come on, Loretta.
Key's right there next to you.
No bills off the bottom
of the drawer, please.
This your first time
being robbed?
You're doing great. Just smile so you
don't look like you're being held up.
You got a very pretty smile.
Give me the 20s.
I'll take those.
I'll put those in my pocket.
There you go.
I haven't had to signal my
partner, and that's good.
He'll wait until I'll leave, to make
sure you don't set off the alarm.
If you do, he'll shoot Mr.
Gwendon between the eyes.
I think that'll do it, Loretta.
Thank you. Have a nice day.
You too.
She's cute, isn't she?
She seems very nice.
Who was that?
[IGNITION GRINDING]
No, no, no.
[PUMPING GAS PEDAL]
Fuck!
I think you flooded it.
Get out of the car, sir.
[CHUCKLES]
You wanna hear a funny story?
Shut up and get out of the car!
Yeah. Okay.
[CHEERING]
[APPLAUDING]
[INAUDIBLE]
You want something, Foley?
Some fellas are going out of here.
Want to know where and when?
How many?
I expect you to look out for me.
Okay. How many going out?
- I hear six.
- When?
Tonight.
You know who they are?
Yes, but I'm not
telling you yet.
Meet me in the chapel
before lockdown.
I love you, baby.
Tonight's the big night.
You excited?
It's Super Bowl Sunday, okay?
You moved it up.
Why do you think that?
I saw you running this morning.
Sticking to your routine,
but you only did a couple of
miles, instead of your usual five.
Saving yourself
for the big event.
What happened? Finished early?
You see those posts out there?
They're putting up another fence
15 feet back the fence
that's already there.
So if on Super Bowl Sunday,
they have that fence built
then we have to dig, what,
another nine, ten days?
I don't think so.
So tonight, when it's dark, I'm
out of here. You can come, Foley.
I appreciate the offer,
and it's tempting,
but it's a long run,
a hundred miles to Miami?
I'm too old to be
trying a stunt like that.
Send me a postcard
when you get out.
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
Adele Delisi speaking.
OPERATOR: Will you accept a
collect call from Jack Foley?
I'll accept.
Adele, how you doing?
Hey, bank robber.
Want some advice? Next time,
keep the engine running.
That's funny!
What do you want?
That Super Bowl party
that was for next Sunday,
it's tonight at 6:30.
You said one-time calls
aren't monitored.
Not as a rule.
So why don't you just tell me
what you're talking about.
Miss Smarty Mouth,
in the free world.
What's free about it?
I'm lookin' for work.
What about
Mandrake the Magician?
Emile the Amazing.
He fired me. Hired a younger girl.
A redhead.
I'm calling because
they changed the date.
It's tonight at 6:30,
a few hours from now.
You tell Buddy.
And the guy driving
the other car?
What guy?
As you have so
much luck with cars,
Buddy thought it might
be better to bring two.
He got a guy he says
you know from Lompoc.
Glenn somebody.
Glenn Michaels.
Uh-huh. That's him. Buddy said Glenn
thinks you guys are real cool.
Tell Buddy if Glenn's wearing
sunglasses, I'll step on them.
I might not even
take them off first.
I'll sure do that.
Okay, hon. Now, try
not to get shot. Bye.
Ma'am. Let me help you.
A lady like you shouldn't
be carrying groceries.
Let a man do that for you.
I didn't ask for your help,
so don't expect a tip.
That's okay, Ma'am.
I'll just take your car.
MARSHALL: Happy birthday.
Did you fit another
Chanel suit in here?
Something much better. Open it.
Oh, my God. It's beautiful.
It's a...
SIG Sauer 380.
Right.
I love it!
Thanks, Dad.
Happy birthday.
Some more coffee? I can't.
I have to go out to Glades, then
I'm meeting Ray Nicolet at 10:00.
Which one is that?
The A.T.F. guy?
He's with the F.B.I. now.
He switched over.
He's still married, though.
Technically. They're separated.
He moved out then?
He's about to.
Then they're not separated.
Can we not talk about this?
What are you doing at Glades?
Serving a summons and complaint.
Some con doing life doesn't
like macaroni and cheese.
So, he files suit, says he has
no choice on what they serve,
which violates his civil rights.
You can step in, work for me
as one of my investigators.
No, thanks.
You used to like it.
You'd meet doctors, lawyers. They're
all fine, if they're divorced.
Karen, why waste your time
on some cowboy cop
who drinks and
cheats on his wife?
That's how those hot shots are.
I really gotta go.
We don't talk much anymore.
How about I come over Sunday and
we watch the Super Bowl together?
I'd like that.
Thanks for the gun, Dad.
They dug a tunnel
underneath you.
I don't hear anything.
Where's the tunnel come out?
Fourth post from
the guard tower.
I don't see nothing.
Just keep watching.
[DIALING]
OPERATOR: F.B.I.
How may I direct your call?
This is Karen Sisco
again for Ray Nicolet.
Hold, please.
Yeah.
The line is busy.
You want his voice mail?
No, forget it.
I'll call back later.
All right. Thanks.
I still don't see anything.
You will directly.
OFFICER: Wait a minute!
[DIGGING]
What the fuck?
[HONKING]
Two men by the fence!
[SIRENS WAILING]
[MACHINE GUN FIRING]
What the hell is she doing?
Stop! Get your hands in the air!
[GUARDS SHOUTING]
Tunnel's clear.
Seal up the north face.
GUARD: What happened?
What do you think?
Got a jail break!
The Cubans are out in the cane.
Don't point that at me.
Hey, Buddy.
It's okay, we're the good guys.
What are you doing here?
You're just a girl.
Why the shotgun?
I'm a federal marshal.
You're under arrest.
Why don't we talk
about this later?
Watch your head.
I'm in. Let's go!
JACK: You comfy?
If I could have
a little more room...
Well, there isn't any.
There's a lot of shit in here.
Handcuffs.
What's in this can?
That's for your breath.
Squirt some in your mouth.
That's Mace, isn't it?
[MEN SHOUTING]
Where's your gun? Your pistol?
In my bag, in the car.
Boy, it stunk in there.
I believe it. You're ruining
a $900 suit my dad gave me.
It went great
with that 12-gauge.
Why would someone like you
become a marshal?
To go after guys like you.
What was that?
Guys like me?
Let me tell you something.
Even though I've been
celibate lately,
I'm not forcing myself on you.
I've never done that.
You won't have time.
We hit a roadblock,
they run the car
and find out who it belongs to.
I doubt they'll get one set up in time.
If they do,
they'll be lookin' for two Latin
fellas, not a big black guy.
KAREN: He must be quite a pal,
to risk his own ass like this.
JACK: Buddy? He's a good guy.
When we jailed together,
he would call his sister
every week, without fail.
She's a born-again Christian. She
does bookkeeping for a televangelist.
He'd call her up,
confess his sins.
Tell her whatever
bank he'd robbed.
KAREN: Buddy, that his given name?
JACK: The one I gave him, yeah.
KAREN: What's your name?
It'll be in the paper
tomorrow anyway.
Jack Foley. You've
probably heard of me.
Why? Are you famous?
The time I was
convicted in California,
the F.B.I. told me that I'd robbed more
banks than anybody in the computer.
How many was that?
I don't really know.
I started when I was 18,
I drove for my uncle Cully,
and his partner, Gus.
Basically you're saying you
spent half your life in prison.
Basically, yeah. If I
go back, I do 30 years.
You imagine looking at that?
I don't have to.
I don't rob banks.
JACK: You don't
seem all that scared.
Of course I am.
You don't act like it.
Do you want me to scream?
That wouldn't help much anyway.
I'm just gonna sit here,
take it easy,
and wait for you to screw up.
[JACK CHUCKLES]
JACK: You sound like my ex-wife.
You were married?
For about a year,
give or take a few days.
It's not like we didn't get along.
We had fun. We just
didn't have that thing,
you know,
that spark. Gotta have that.
Uh-huh.
We still talk, though.
Sure.
KAREN: This is not gonna end well.
These things never do.
If I'm going to get shot
it's gonna be in the street,
not off a goddamn fence.
You must really see yourself
as some kind of Clyde Barrow.
You mean, of "Bonnie and Clyde"?
The part of the movie where they
get shot, Warren Beatty and
Faye Dunaway.
I like her in
that movie about TV.
Network. She was good.
That guy who says he won't
take any more shit.
Peter Finch.
"I'm mad as hell, and I'm not gonna
take any more of your shit!"
In the part where they
get shot, I remember
thinking that it wouldn't be such
a bad way to go, if you had to.
[SIRENS WAILING]
JACK: You sure
are easy to talk to.
I was thinking, if we met under
different circumstances,
if you were in a bar and I came
up and we started talking,
I wonder what would happen.
Nothing.
If you didn't know who I was.
You'd probably tell me.
But if circumstances
were different...
You have got to be kidding.
Another Faye Dunaway movie I liked
was Three Days of the Condor.
The one with Robert Redford
when he was young.
I never thought
it made sense though.
The way they got
together so quick.
Really?
I mean, romantically.
JACK: Here we go.
Where the hell are we?
BUDDY: Turnpike. Glenn's
above us with the other car.
JACK: Hop on out.
Turn around and
get your hands up!
[GUNSHOTS FIRING]
BUDDY: We may as well leave her.
We're leavin' the car
and we gotta
leave her some place.
She's coming with us.
Jesus, what were
you doing in there?
Looking for a name.
I already looked.
Her name is Karen Sisco. Like the
Cisco Kid, only spelled different.
[SIRENS WAILING]
Karen? You be a good girl now.
I'm gonna open up the trunk.
Hey! You're putting holes
in your car!
I'm not leavin' you. I'll open the trunk.
Drop your pistol out.
If you shoot, Buddy's got your shotgun.
He'll shoot back.
I can't stop him.
So it's up to you.
GLENN: Hew.
Don't! It's Glenn!
Fuck! Jack. Good to see you.
What are you guys shooting at?
Do we need him?
The cop saw this car.
He might tie it to the break
and turn around.
Hey, Studs.
We didn't recognize you.
Hey, "Studs."
I haven't heard that since Lompoc.
What's going on?
Nothing.
Karen. Are you coming out?
[COCKING]
You hear that? Okay.
You win, Jack.
When you get your suit
cleaned, send me the bill.
I'll send it to you at Glades.
Did you crawl through a sewer?
Who're you?
Take your sunglasses off.
I see better with them on.
I'll throw them off the overpass
while they're
still on your head.
Wait in the car.
We're in civilization now,
so ease up.
I'm sorry. Wait in the car, please.
Take her, put her in the back.
In the trunk?
In the backseat!
Come now, 'cause I got to do...
Give me your jacket.
Somebody forgot
to bring the clean clothes.
BUDDY: They're at Glades,
in the Cadillac.
You decided to jump
into the trunk of her car.
You can blame me if you want.
I don't mind.
What's your problem?
Why did you bring Glenn?
The score was his idea.
Idea?
He has a vacant lot for a head.
He thinks he can
talk to me like that?
"Give me your jacket." I have been
sitting here for a half-hour,
watching out for cops.
You think that's fun?
I had to go in the bushes
to smoke a joint, just
so I could, you know?
[WHISTLES]
GLENN: Yep. I got something
big lined up up north.
These guys wouldn't even know
about it, if it wasn't for me.
Every time he talks,
I want to punch him.
He's not the problem.
Why are we bringing her with us?
You don't remember me, do you?
I was never at Glades, if
that's what you're thinking.
That's not what I'm thinking.
But you're sure we've met?
Last fall.
I drove you from
Palm Beach county jail
to the federal courthouse twice.
You're Glenn Michaels.
I never forget anybody
I've cuffed and shackled.
Let's see if we can
work this out, Glenn.
Do we have a gun in the car?
Oh, shit! I remember you!
Foley's not gonna make it. If he
goes down, you go with him.
I can understand
if you guys are close...
No, we're not.
But, I'm helping him.
Now wait a minute.
Have you helped him?
At this point, I doubt you could
be charged with aiding a fugitive.
So you still have a choice.
You want to take her to my
place, get cleaned up, come out
with your aftershave on, and she
goes, "I had you all wrong."
I just wanna talk to her again.
See what it would be like
under normal circumstances.
It's too late for that.
He wants to get out of here,
and I don't blame him.
If the ref don't call it soon,
they'll take this cat
out in a body bag.
Do you know why
they call him "Snoopy"?
He used to be
Maurice "Mad Dog" Miller,
back when he was a pro.
Now you pet him, he goes down.
I don't believe it!
Oh, my!
[CROWD JEERING]
Yeah, you're the man.
Guy's bragging
he won a thrown fight.
Fucking pathetic.
Dangerous is what it is.
Who's the bald dude?
Richard Ripley.
The Wall Street guy?
He ripped off so many guys,
he's called Dick the Ripper.
I didn't recognize him
without his rug.
What's his bid? Three years.
You guys on the bench?
Three years, fined $50 million
and wrote them a fucking check.
Just like that.
Fifty mill, signed his name.
Didn't even...
Okay, a little help.
Okay, heavy!
Heavy! Come on!
[GROANING]
With the glare out here, you couldn't
read the numbers on the weights.
I had it.
How do you know
he wrote a check?
He told me.
We work laundry together.
Guy loves to fucking talk.
He loves to talk. He talked to the U.S.
Attorney.
Rolled over on the snitches
he did business with.
Any guy who can write
a check for $50 million,
he says anything,
I'm all fucking ears.
Guy tells me he's got all
this money in foreign banks.
Plus, around
five million in uncut
diamonds at his house.
He said, quote,
"That I can get my hands
on it at any time."
Where does he live?
GLENN: Detroit.
Snoopy Miller says that uncut
diamonds are as easy to move as cash.
Ever seen an uncut diamond?
Looks just like
a plain old rock.
Wait, you think
this guy's lying?
What do you think? Use your head.
A guy's got $5 million
socked away, and he's gonna
tell some motormouth
he meets in prison about it?
Oh, I see. You guys are cynical.
Here it comes.
Keep on walking. Keep walking.
You don't wanna be
answering any questions.
JACK: I'm just saying
she wasn't scared.
BUDDY: Because she had
her hand on her gun.
JACK: You're just jealous because
you weren't in the trunk with her.
BUDDY: You're right.
First thing I'm gonna do
is get this mud off me.
Hey.
MARSHALL: Karen, honey?
You were talking in your sleep.
What'd I say?
"Hey, yourself."
[KNOCKING]
[GROANS]
Daniel Burdon, F.B.I.
Marshall Sisco, Karen's dad.
Would you mind, waiting outside?
We have some
business to do here.
I have to use the john anyway.
I wanna be on the task force.
That's nice of you to offer, but.
I got all the help
I can use right now.
Let's talk about how you got
that bump on your head.
Isn't that my file
you're holding?
Yes, but I want
to hear it from you,
starting from when
you grabbed the wheel.
Where was this?
Coming to the Okeechobee exit.
GLENN: Sit back!
KAREN: Can you see
with those glasses on?
I'm fine! This is stupid.
These guys are gonna be
so disappointed in me.
You know what?
If I wasn't stoned,
there is no way you would
have talked me into this.
Get off at the exit
right after that bridge.
I am not turning myself in!
Get off at that exit! What exit?
That exit right there!
Sit back!
KAREN: Next thing I knew,
paramedics were pulling me
out of the car.
There's a couple of points
I wonder about
concerning the two guys
who grabbed you.
Buddy, is it?
And this fella Jack Foley.
The man must have robbed
over 200 banks in his time.
Really?
He told me he didn't
remember how many he robbed.
Then you talked to him.
In the trunk, yeah.
What'd you talk about?
Different things.
Prison, movies.
This fella holds you hostage,
you talk about movies?
It was an unusual experience.
Foley made me think
of that fella Carl Tillman.
You were seeing him, it turns
out while he was robbing banks.
Do you recall that?
And what happened to Carl?
You shot him. But you didn't
shoot Foley or his friend.
They're unarmed.
You had a shotgun
and you let them
throw you in the trunk.
You got your SIG in your hand.
You say in the report that
you couldn't turn around.
But when the trunk opened,
how come you
didn't cap them then?
What do you usually work on?
Fraud? Crooked bookkeepers?
I've been with the Bureau 15 years
on all kinds of investigations.
Ever shot a man? No.
Ever been primary
through the door?
I have to qualify?
You have to know
what you're talking about.
[MARSHALL CHUCKLING]
We'll talk another time.
All right?
I wonder why Foley
put you in that second car
when he didn't need you anymore.
You'll have to ask him that.
What the deal is, baby?
Hi, Maurice.
I don't know. Make a fist.
There you go.
Fuck it, man.
Got your little fishies for you.
Not so fast. Starting out, there's
gonna be a cost of living increase.
Getting put in here
for credit fraud
I didn't really get
no props for that.
But ever since I shanked that
loudmouth pussy in the yard,
it's like my Dun and Broadstreet
shot way the fuck up.
Actually,
it's Dun and Bradstreet.
Well, I've heard it both ways.
Point is, the price
has gone up too.
Get your black book out. We got
some business to talk about.
For the fishies... What'd
I say they was gonna be?
Two thousand.
Now they're three thousand.
Come on...
That saltwater shit
you put in your eyes?
What do you call that?
Bausch & Lomb.
Yeah, that Bauschie Lomb shit.
That's 300.
I need it.
Yeah, you do.
And that extra pillow.
I'm gonna get that for you, but
that's gonna be like five C's.
Five? JACK: Hey.
Sign says shut the fuck up,
or can't you fellas read?
Who the fuck you
talkin' to, man?
You got a problem
over there, Foley?
This is the dumbest shakedown in
the history of dumb shakedowns.
Five hundred bucks for a pillow?
It does seem a little high.
Shut up, Dick.
Must be a nice pillow.
Faux goose down.
But still...
How much for your
company at chow?
My company? I'll watch
this motherfucker's back.
How much?
That's a C-note.
Ripley, tell this guy
to fuck off.
Really?
Well, I don't know.
If he kills you,
he gets nothing.
The man don't just
have to die, Foley.
He could accidentally hurt himself
by falling on something hard.
Like a shiv. Or my dick.
I'll pay. I'll pay it.
Don't worry.
If he falls on anything, Snoop,
then they'll transfer him faster
than you can throw a fight
and you still get nothing.
Last time I checked, man,
this shit didn't involve you.
Go outside and smoke a
cigarette or some shit.
I don't smoke.
You heard him. Get your
punk ass out of here.
Oh-oh.
You fucked up. That's Himey.
Protege of mine. Ranked number
32 in the federal prison system.
Thirty-two? That's right.
Out of, what, 20?
Kick his ass.
What's going on here?
Nothing.
Just "Reading is Fundamental" shit.
We got all excited.
Clear outta here. Now.
No problem. All of you.
I think we settled
the fish thing.
The fish. Yeah.
That's how you do
the shake, partner.
Paper says there's ten grand
each on you, Chino and Lulu.
They say anything about Karen?
Just that she got away. Here.
[MAN YELLS] That's all right.
It's in the pool.
Did it say what happened
after she left with Glenn?
I don't know. You'll
have to ask Glenn.
He's probably on his way to Detroit,
which is where we should be.
Do you realize
what you're doing?
Worrying about a woman who
works for law enforcement?
You wanna have cocktails with a
woman who tried to shoot you.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Do you think this
old guy's her boyfriend?
It's the only photo she has.
Am I going to Detroit by myself?
The longer we stay here,
the better the chance
that either Glenn screws up,
or we get busted, or both.
MARSHALL: This is Foley?
This is Foley?
He doesn't even look like that.
No?
Mmm-mmm. He looks a lot like...
Different.
Wyatt Earp is here.
How you feeling? Better?
Good.
Your dad taking care of you?
He took the week off
to take care of me and all
he's done is work on his boat.
This is Ray Nicolet.
I heard a lot about you.
Likewise.
Ray's working with the F.B.I.
task force on the prison break.
Tell me, Ray, do you ever wear
one that says "Undercover"?
No.
How's it going?
Sit down.
Good. We caught one of them.
Was it Foley?
Was it off a tip?
Somebody spotted two of them
near the airport.
Called in the number.
The reward did it.
Was it Foley?
RAY: No, Linares,
one of the Cubans.
We went in with full SWAT,
two choppers, the whole deal.
Linares goes nuts, starts
shooting, so we took him out.
Chirino got away.
Foley hadn't been there?
RAY: No, strictly Cubans.
Foley had a ride.
He must have his own agenda.
He seems to be the only guy
who knows what he's doing.
[PHONE RINGING]
Yeah, she is.
Just a minute, please.
You know who this is?
Yes. [WHISPERING] Five minutes.
So, Ray. Yeah.
There's something I'm wondering.
The headline reads, "I Slept With a
Murderer, Says Shaken Miami Woman."
JACK: Who answered the phone?
None of your business.
Maybe I'm not
old enough for you.
- It was my dad.
- Really?
He's got a cop's face.
How do you know?
You have my wallet.
And your gun.
Think I can have 'em back?
How do we do that?
Stop by my dad's place
and drop 'em off.
I'll give them to the SWAT
guy who answers the door.
There's a guy here
on the task force right now.
Maybe I should
put him on the phone.
You wouldn't do that.
Why not?
You're having too much fun.
She fixes him
pork chops and rice.
Next thing you know, they're
making love on the sofa.
She says he was very gentle.
Chirino shows up at the house,
says he misses his little girl.
She feels sorry for him.
Next thing you know, boom!
On the couch.
That's how you score now?
I guess.
There's something
I've been wondering.
Whatever happened
to your uncle Cully?
Think he's gonna
tell you where I am?
Unless you want to.
He's dead.
Did 27 years before he got out,
and he died a few years later
in a charity hospital
making up for all the
good times he missed.
That's not gonna be me.
One last score, retire to some island?
Is that the idea?
I'm partial to mountains myself,
but if you like islands,
we'll make it an island.
What do you mean, "we"?
You and I can make it...
You better see this.
Is that Buddy?
What? No. Okay. Bye-bye.
So she's a married woman.
But she goes to bed
with a prison escapee because
he tells her that he
misses his little girl.
She tells the world about it.
But you protect her.
You don't reveal her name.
That makes it sound like
what she was doing was okay
as long as her husband
doesn't find out.
Like a guy who cheats
on his wife.
Says what she doesn't
know won't hurt her.
Dad. What?
Ray, I wanna show you
something in the living room.
Good talking to you.
You too.
NEWSCASTER: Federal law enforcement
agents raided a squatters camp
north of Miami international
Airport this morning
looking for fugitives from Tuesday's
escape from Glades Prison.
F.B.I. officials confirm that one
of the escapees, Aurelio Linares,
was killed...
JACK: Chino will want
to talk to me.
China's runnin' for his life.
He don't give a shit about you.
He'll know I gave him up.
He's gonna wanna find me.
Maybe see Adele,
see what she knows.
He knows where she lives?
We were talking once,
drinking rum,
and I may have mentioned Adele.
How she worked for a magician.
He got all interested.
He said, "How do you saw
the woman in half?"
He wanted to meet her,
see her if she came to visit.
So you call her up. Tell her
don't talk to any Cubans.
The phone's probably tapped.
You're right.
Which means they have
her place staked out.
Shit!
[PHONE RINGING]
Adele Delisi speaking.
CHINO: This is Adele?
Yes, it is.
Sorry. Wrong number.
Nice disguise.
I'm a tourist.
All right, here we go.
Coming up right
here on the left.
The guy with the clippers?
I wonder what the F.B.I.
is charging to trim
hedges these days?
Quite a checker game
they got goin'.
Pull on up.
JACK: Oh, man.
You saw her. That's all you get.
Let's go to Detroit.
Now you're talkin', brother.
ADELE: I'll say one thing for
Jack, he's very considerate.
Lights on or off, you know?
Really?
Adele, listen.
I just want to find him before he does
something else and makes it worse.
Buddy'll take care of him.
Keep him out of trouble.
He's Jack's conscience.
They must have robbed
fifty banks together.
They were a really great team.
Until they got busted.
That wasn't Jack's fault.
That was on account of.
Buddy. He decided to call his
sister and confess to the job
before they'd done it
instead of after.
She called the F.B.I. They
both ended up at Lompoc.
I think Buddy felt
kind of bad about that.
Do you have any idea
where I could find Buddy?
Or Glenn?
[KNOCKING]
CHINO: Mira, Adele,
you in there?
Yes.
CHINO: Mira, I'd like
to speak to you.
Who is it?
Emile, the guy
you used to work for?
He gave me your number
and where you live.
I'm looking for an assistant.
Can I speak to you?
You did work for Emile?
I was Emile's box jumper
for four years.
You were what? His box?
His assistant.
You say you perform
in the Miami area?
CHINO: Here, there, you know.
I was a magician in Cuba.
They used to call me
Manuelito the Magician.
Mira, can you please open?
I'm not dressed.
I'm a good friend of Jack Foley.
CHINO: You know Jack?
Who are you?
CHINO: Jose Chirino.
Maybe you heard Jack call me Chino.
I'm the same guy.
Tell him to wait in the hall.
You have to get dressed.
Wait in the hall.
Tell me where to find Jack and
I don't bother you no more.
Come on, please!
I don't know where he is.
I helped Jack escape.
CHINO: Open this fucking door...
I'm gonna call the police.
CHINO: Why you gonna do that
to a friend of Jack?
That's it!
[CHINO GROANING]
Adele! Give me your hand.
You not Adele! I'm a U.S. marshal
and you're under arrest.
Get my bag, Adele.
I think there's
a misunderstanding.
You got nice bag.
Let's say we just forget about it.
I go home...
Shut up.
Who the hell taught
you how to do that?
Give me your other hand.
Okay.
[CHINO GROANS]
I gotta go make pee-pee.
You are mean!
I'm gonna call my lawyer. This
is human rights violation.
Daniel Burdon, please.
Karen Sisco.
Can I ask you a question?
You know that trick you do?
Karen? Where are you? I've
been trying to reach you.
When you're in the box
and they saw you in half?
I'm at Adele Delisi's.
It's magic.
We already talked to her.
That's a dead end.
If I bring in Chirino, will
you put me on the task force?
DANIEL: Sure.
They put the saw through,
and separate it.
But how do you
twinkle your toes?
You bring Chirino in, and you
can be on the task force.
That's all I wanted to know.
Now, forget about the ex-wife,
and get over to the Adams Hotel?
You got it.
No!
That's it.
Fake legs.
Fake legs? How you gonna...
Thanks, Adele.
CHINO: How do they twinkle
their toes, if it's fake?
First thing we do in
Detroit, we find Glenn,
and we find a window
to throw him out of.
I was thinkin', if I was Glenn
taking down the Ripper,
where would I go?
Except if you were Glenn,
you wouldn't be thinkin'.
Remember Snoopy Miller,
his pal from the joint?
I figured he'd be
brain-dead by now.
Snoop doesn't box anymore.
Glenn told me that he manages
some fighters at the Kronk.
Did you get the key?
They're in Room 613.
I want two men outside,
front and back.
Conroy, Jameson, go on up to six.
Cover both ends of the hall.
You're primary.
You're secondary.
You're point man.
You gonna use a ram?
Yeah. Why?
The manager's door is metal.
They might all be.
A ram on a metal door makes a
lot of noise and that's it.
I have a shock lock
round on my shotgun.
Fine. Whatever.
Two, please.
Two.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Let's take the stairs.
Take the radio. Stay here in the
lobby and watch the elevator.
Daniel, I want to go upstairs.
You can wait in the car
if you want to.
You see Foley and Bragg coming behind us.
What do you do?
Call and tell you?
And let them come up.
Don't try to make the bust yourself.
You understand?
Is this your floor, ma'am?
On! [CHUCKLES] Oh, yes.
It is. I'm sorry. Thank you.
Be advised we are
approaching the door.
going to blow the door.
[FIRING]
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Going up?
I thought I was going up.
She just looked right at me.
Who? Karen.
Karen Sisco? Yeah.
She's in the lobby.
She's in the lobby? Yeah.
If they know where I live, they know
what I drive. We got to dump this car.
She just sat there,
looking right at me.
DANIEL: They're not up here.
Keep your eyes open.
Karen, are you there?
MARSHALL: He waved at you?
I'm pretty sure he did.
Did you wave back?
I didn't have time.
I imagine you
would have, though.
Buddy's sister,
Regina Mary Bragg,
got two calls from Buddy
in Detroit this morning.
She calls Burdon.
He got Buddy's address
from her, too.
So?
Why does he still call her
after she turned him in?
He doesn't hold a grudge.
But if they have
this big score up north,
why did Foley stay
in Miami for so long?
Any thoughts on that?
None I'd like to share.
I'll call you when I get in.
Okay.
MAURICE: I don't just deal product
and manage fighters no more.
A lot's changed since the
last time you seen me.
I've vertically integrated
myself, you know, diversified.
I'm into the occasional
grand larceny,
home invasion, shit like that.
White Boy Bob here
is my all-around man.
My personal bodyguard
when I need one, driver.
Watch the road, White Boy!
Why you lookin' back here?
I like this car, Glenn.
You stole a good one, boy.
We can roll around
in Ripley's neighborhood
not get sweated by
the private security.
Ain't gonna have
no police on our ass,
nothing like that.
It's nice, man.
You still haven't said how
you want to do this thing.
I'll tell you once we get
one other brother I need.
Kenneth,
that's Moselle's brother,
along with White Boy here.
Here we go, White Boy.
[HONKING]
Who's the fireman?
Ken Dog.
What's up?
MAURICE: What's happenin',
hustler?
This cigarette gonna bother you?
Put that thing out.
Ken, this is Glenn.
Glenn, that's Kenny, the dude
I was tellin' you about.
You're the one gonna help us
rip off that rich white dude?
That's him.
Help you?
Go ahead, White Boy.
Maurice, I am letting you
in on this gig, not...
You just asked
how we gonna do it.
I'm telling you how.
We're the experts.
The one I'm worried
about is you, Glenn.
Me?
Can you step up
and actually do this shit
instead of just
talking the talk?
Do what?
Walk into a house I picked out.
Do this cross-dressing nigger
I used to sell to.
Been dealing on his own.
What? When?
Right now. What you think
all this shit is for?
I don't need to
prove shit to you.
The Ripley job is my job.
You're either in or you're not.
You wanna go pop some crack
dealer pissed you off
that is your problem, not mine.
I know you supposed to be cool
but you ain't got to give me
no tone of voice.
If you don't like what I'm sayin',
bounce off this whip anytime.
I think we're forgetting
that this is my whip.
[LAUGHING]
I brought it up.
Come on, man. If I say this is
my car, you know this is my car.
You just get yourself
another one.
If I say we in
on this Ripley shit,
we in on it,
with or without you.
If I say you do
this motherfucker
to show me you got balls,
guess what else you gonna do?
WHITE BOY: We're here.
Tighten up your panties, boy.
Hacksaw. I'll take that.
Hatchet.
What are you gonna do
with a hatchet?
Let's get some fire to that ass.
You want the .45 or the Glock?
[GUN FIRING]
Worse than you thought
it was gonna be, right?
You with the bad boys now.
Let's go.
BUDDY: What do you think?
I think Glenn opened his big mouth
and now we got another partner.
Hey, Studs, how ya doin'?
What are you guys doin' here?
Weren't you expecting us?
Somebody finally
step on your sunglasses?
I don't know.
Whose blood you got
on your shirt?
These guys are crazy.
Snoop! Shit.
We have a problem here?
Jack Foley, famous bank robber.
Snoopy Miller,
famous fight thrower.
I read you broke out of a
prison down in Florida.
Low class of
people there, Snoop.
Call him that again, I'll put
your head through a wall.
What? You mean "Snoop"?
Nobody calls me Snoopy anymore
is what White Boy Bob means.
He's just a little crude with it.
You know what I mean?
I left all that
behind me, partner.
But you call this bozo
"White Boy."
White Boy Bob
used to be a fighter.
What do you do now,
White Boy Bob,
outside of shoot
your big mouth off?
Like being back in the yard.
Just like it.
Nobody backing down or nothing.
You back down, you just a pussy.
Why y'all in Detroit anyway?
Glenn didn't tell you?
Glenn? What?
I thought you guys were busted.
Why? 'Cause you left us standing
on the side of the road?
Oops.
Look, Snoop, I don't know
what Glenn promised you,
but here's the deal.
Buddy and I get half of
anything we get off of Ripley.
Anything else, you guys can
cut up any way you want.
Why don't we talk
about this outside?
Nice in here. It's warm.
MAURICE: It's like
90 degrees in here.
Sometimes it's 100 up
in this mug.
That's the way
Emmanuel like to keep it.
Keep his fighters mean and
lean like Tommy Hearns.
I got some place to be.
Come to the fights Friday night.
We'll sit down, chop it up,
you know, look it over.
State Theater.
We'll see you then.
RIPLEY: It must take a lot
of balls to walk into a bank
and stick it up with a gun.
I don't know. I never used
a gun before in my life.
You're kidding.
You'd be surprised what you can
get if you ask the right way.
You're the reason I don't
keep my money in the bank.
So where do you keep your money?
Talking about all
those uncut diamonds.
I know what
you're talking about.
You're the one with balls.
Say something
like that to Glenn?
Come on, nobody's going
to believe Glenn.
Do you believe Glenn?
No, I don't.
Even if it was true, he'd still
have to know where I keep 'em.
You told him you
keep 'em in your house.
It's a very big house. How
much longer you in here for?
22 months,
three days, two hours.
Why?
'Cause I could use
a guy like you.
Somebody that knows how to ask
for things in the right way.
I'm talking about
when you're out of here.
You can't rob banks forever,
can you?
I'm not exactly
a nine to five type.
Who is?
I thought everybody liked Eddie.
How you doin', Ray?
I'm freezing.
But I'm getting warmer.
Other than we had so much fun the
last time we worked together,
why come to me
instead of the F.B.I.?
All the F.B.I. will do
is send me to get coffee.
You know what? You're right.
Last year DEA had a Glenn Michaels
on possession with intent.
They couldn't make it stick.
Move this car.
In his statement he said he was
coming to Detroit to see a friend
about job opportunities.
Who was the friend?
Maurice Miller,
also known as Snoopy,
used to be a prizefighter.
I know Snoopy. He's a whack job.
Thinks he's Sugar Ray Leonard.
Hangs out on the west side
with a couple of other
first-rate nut cases.
I need a last-known address.
27-10 coming in.
You need a what?
A last known address.
That your car?
No way. I don't want you
talking to Miller alone.
Come on, Ray.
I'm a federal officer.
I can handle myself. I'm armed.
I'll call you tomorrow
with the address.
Thank you, Raymond.
BUDDY: You see the paper?
JACK: It's a terrific
shot of her.
BUDDY: Outside of that.
I don't think her being here
has anything to do with us.
She came here on vacation because
she likes shitty weather.
I think she's after Glenn.
The girl still there?
BUDDY: They don't stay the whole
night unless you pay for it.
Did you tell your sister?
Yeah, I just hung up.
She prayed for me.
How long were you on the phone?
Two hours.
How long were you with the girl?
45 minutes.
You didn't tell your sister
about Ripley, did you?
Just forget about my sister.
If Karen Sisco is tailing
Glenn, we're fucked.
Tomorrow night at the fights
we all get picked up.
Let's drive by where we're
meeting tonight, check it out
and go by Ripley's too,
while we're at it.
Yeah, all right.
FEMALE OPERATOR: Athenaeum
Hotel, how may I help you?
Karen Sisco, please.
OPERATOR: Hello. Best Western.
Moselle Miller?
What do you want?
I'm looking for Maurice.
You find him,
tell him the dog died,
and I'm out of grocery money.
KENNETH: Who you talkin' to?
Lady lookin' for Maurice.
KENNETH: What does she want?
MOSELLE: Hasn't said.
That's not Maurice?
That's Kenneth, my brother.
KENNETH: Ask her
what she want with him!
You ask her!
Maurice business
is none of my business.
KENNETH: You damn right.
State Theater? Who's fightin'?
Nigger, what?
[KENNETH LAUGHING]
KAREN: I'm looking for somebody
I think Maurice knows.
You're not with probation,
one of those?
No. You a lawyer?
No. I'm looking for somebody
named Glenn Michaels.
Glenn? I don't know any Glenn.
He said he stayed here
last November.
Here in this house?
He said he stayed with Maurice.
He ain't even here that much.
I'd like to know where he
goes, but at the same time
I don't wanna know,
you understand?
You say your dog was killed?
Got run over by a car.
What'd you call him?
It was a she. Named Tuffy.
Where do you think
I might find Maurice?
I don't know.
The gym, the fights.
He don't miss the fights.
There are some tomorrow
night at the State Theater.
He used to take me.
The State Theater.
Why you askin' all these
questions about Maurice?
She lookin' for
a man named Glenn.
Did I ask you? Go on and do
something with yourself.
Why don't you take your ass
and get us some shrimp.
You're a fighter.
How you know that?
I can tell.
I was.
'Til I got my retina
detached two times.
What'd you fight,
about middleweight?
Light.
Super middleweight,
once my body developed.
What you go about,
what, a bantam?
Flyweight.
Nigger, what?
You know your divisions.
Do you like the fights?
You like the rough stuff?
I bet you do.
You like to get down
and tussle a little bit?
Like me and Tuffy,
before she got run over.
We'd get down on the floor
and tussle all the time.
I'd say to her, "You a good bitch, Tuffy.
Here's a treat for ya."
I'd give Tuffy what all
good bitches love best,
and you know what that is?
Know what that is? A bone.
I'll give you
a good bone too, girl.
You're not my type.
That shit don't mean
nothin' to me.
I let the monster out,
you do what it wants.
I gotta go.
Maybe we'll see
each other again.
No, we gonna tussle first.
Damn it! What the fuck was that?
You wanted to tussle.
We tussled.
BUDDY: That's a big ass house.
JACK: Place almost
looks like a prison.
BUDDY: No doubt he's got some
serious security system.
Time comes,
we knock on the door,
see if he wants to
discuss old times.
The easy way. Cool.
Think he'll let us in with Snoop
and that musclebound asshole?
Nobody's gonna be with us.
We go to the fights tomorrow
night, hear Snoopy's big plan,
then we go in
ahead of him. Alone.
I can dig it.
Glenn deals with the Snoop, while
we off livin' the good life.
You know anybody who's
done one last big score
and then gone on
to live the good life?
There's a chance we'll walk
out of here with nothin'.
I say, let fate decide.
Fate? Who are you, the
fuckin' Dalai Lama now?
It's my sister.
My sister believes
in fate but not hell.
That's why she stopped praying
for all the lost souls,
since you don't hear
about Purgatory anymore.
But every day, she prays
that Buddy don't fuck up.
What do you think?
Do you think there's a hell?
It's called the Glades
Correctional Institute.
I'm not going back there,
or any place like it.
They put a gun on you,
you'll go, brother.
you still have a choice.
MAN: So, Mr. Foley.
Mr. Ripley and I
have had a long talk
about your role in the company.
He felt you'd be happiest
working here in Miami.
How's that sound to you?
Great.
Good. You're about
a 42 long, right?
I'm about a 42.
Like, 42 regular.
Let's see how she fits.
What is that?
Your uniform.
My uniform.
Sir. Excuse me, sir.
You can't go in there!
A security guard?
What are you, stoned?
Hey. Take it easy!
It's all right, Peggy.
It's under control.
I wasn't sure that you'd show up
here, but I was sure if you did,
you'd throw this job in my face.
Let me tell you something.
Every single thing you've done
with your life up to this point
in the real world means nothing.
Less than nothing.
You're a bank robber.
That's not a very
marketable skill.
We don't see a lot of old
bank robbers walking around
with a pension plan, now do we?
I think you know this.
That's why you're here.
Today, I've offered you
a lousy job with a lousy wage.
You want something better?
Show me you can change.
Then I'll offer you something better.
A lot better.
Until then, my friend,
you'll have to earn it.
How, Dick? The way you earn it?
Married some rich broad
owns the company,
selling it, then divorcing her?
What's this "pull yourself up
by the bootstraps" bullshit?
Back in prison, a guy like
you in a place like that?
You were ice cream for freaks.
A goddamned dumpling.
Maurice and a dozen other guys
would have bled you
till you had nothing.
Until you were nothing.
I saved your ass!
So pardon me if I
won't sit on a stool,
and say, "Sign in here, please,"
or "You can't park here."
I can't fuckin' do it, Dick!
I'm disappointed in you.
Here we go. What job did
he promise you boys?
There's two ways we can do this.
What are they?
I gotta get a better pair of shoes
and some things for tomorrow.
Let's hook up later.
Yeah, okay.
I better go call my sister.
WAITRESS:
Can I get you anything?
I'll have a bourbon. Water back.
Why don't you do us again?
Celeste, put the lady's drink
on our bill.
They want to buy
your drink for you.
I get that.
Tell them I'd rather pay
for my own.
Okay.
I'll find out.
Excuse me. My associates and
I, we made a little bet
on what you do for a living.
And I won. Hi, I'm Philip.
I'd rather just have
a quiet drink and leave.
Don't you want to
know what I guessed?
How I know what
you do for a living?
I don't want to be rude.
I just want to be left alone.
PHILIP: It's a little cold
over there.
[CLEARS THROAT]
I think I know
why you're depressed.
If I can offer my observation.
I got a hunch
you're the new sales rep,
and the client's not exactly knocked
out by the fact that a young lady,
even one as stunning as yourself,
is handling the account.
Am I close?
I'm Andy.
We're all ad guys. Flew in this
morning from the Apple. New York.
Here to pitch
Hiram Walker Distillery.
Test market campaign
for the new Margarita mix.
It's really pretty interesting.
We take this...
Mex... Hispanic bandito
with his bullet belts and everything,
and the big Chihuahua hat,
and he pulls out his six-guns.
These guys back here...
Andy.
Really. Who gives a shit?
Do you want to
tell me what happened?
Beat it, Andy.
PHILIP: What'd you do?
[LIGHTER CLICKS]
Can I buy you a drink?
Yeah, I'd love one.
Sit down.
I'm Gary.
I'm Celeste.
It takes forever
to get a drink here.
I can go to the bar.
Don't go.
Are those guys bothering you?
They're fine.
I mean, you just got here.
Here, help yourself.
You like bourbon?
I love it.
Tell me, Celeste, what
do you do for a living?
I'm a sales rep, and I came
here to call on a customer,
but they gave me a hard
time 'cause I'm a girl.
Is that how you
think of yourself?
As a sales rep? As a girl.
I don't have a problem with it.
I like your hair.
I like your outfit.
This is my second
favorite outfit.
I had a first favorite, but it got
ruined, and I had to get rid of it.
You did? It smelled.
Having it cleaned didn't help?
No.
Gary, what do you do
for a living?
How far do you
want to go with this?
Don't say anything yet.
I don't think it works
if we're somebody else.
Gary and Celeste,
what do they know?
I never played this game before.
It's not a game.
It's not something you play.
Does this make any sense to you?
It doesn't have to. It's
something that happens.
It's like seeing
someone for the first time
like you could be
passing on the street,
and you look at each other
and for a few seconds
there's this kind of a recognition...
Like you both know something.
The next moment,
the person's gone,
and it's too late to
do anything about it.
You always remember it, because
it was there, and you let it go.
You think to yourself,
"What if I had stopped?"
"What if?"
And it may only happen
a few times in your life.
Or once.
How'd you find me?
I called your room
from downstairs.
And I if I had answered,
what were you gonna say?
JACK: Who I was,
and do you remember me,
and want to meet for a drink?
KAREN: If I remembered you?
I came here looking for you.
I would have said yes,
but for all you know,
I could have had a SWAT team waiting.
Why would you trust me?
JACK: It'd be worth the risk.
KAREN: You like taking risks.
JACK: So do you.
KAREN: You know,
sooner or later...
You really wear that suit.
That's not what you
were about to say.
Remember how talkative
you were in the trunk?
Adele said you talk
when you're nervous.
She did, did she?
You kept touching me,
feeling my thigh.
JACK: But in a nice way.
That SIG you took
from me was special.
My dad gave it to me
for my birthday.
What were you
going to do with me?
JACK: I hadn't really
worked that part out yet.
I just knew I liked you,
and didn't want to
leave you and
never see you again.
KAREN: Then you waved to me
in that elevator.
JACK: I wasn't sure
if you saw that.
KAREN: I couldn't believe it.
I had been
thinking about you a lot
and just wondering what it
would be like if we met,
if we could take a time-out.
I was thinking the same thing.
I kept thinking, "What
if we took a time-out?"
If we just spent
some time together.
- JACK: I saw you on the street
- KAREN: Where?
JACK: Outside Adele's.
KAREN: You went to see her?
JACK: To warn her about Chino.
KAREN: So she did help you.
JACK: I don't think
we should get into that.
KAREN: You're right.
And I won't ask about Buddy,
or what you guys are doing in Detroit,
or if you've seen Glenn yet...
JACK: Don't talk like that,
because you scare me.
Let's get out of here.
Yeah.
There's something
I want you to know.
I wasn't just
looking for a fuck,
if that's what you're thinking.
Why are you mad?
Like I was looking for some kinky
thrill, score with the bank robber.
The way some women
go for rough trade.
Now I can say that I fucked a U.S.
marshal. Do you think I will?
I don't know.
Come here.
I know a guy,
walks into a bank with a bottle,
says it's nitroglycerine.
He scores some cash
off of the teller.
On his way out, he drops the bottle.
It cracks on the floor.
He slips in it. He smacks up his head.
They get him.
The nitroglycerine
was canola oil.
I know more
fucked-up bank robbers
than ones that know
what they're doing.
I doubt one in ten
knows what a dye pack is.
Most bank robbers
are fucking morons.
For you to go to bed with
one for kinky thrills,
like you were saying, makes
you as dumb as they are.
Now, you are not dumb.
Why would you think that? Why would
you think that I would think that?
You're not dumb.
I don't know about that.
You can't do three falls and
think you have much of a brain.
Come here.
[SIRENS WAILING IN DISTANCE]
You're getting serious
on me now.
Tryin' not to.
I just want to know
what's gonna happen.
You know.
Put it together now.
Upstairs, not downstairs.
He don't want to
see you downstairs!
You drink like a bitch!
Don't go down.
Get your tussle on!
Don't let him out that corner.
You know what?
I gotta go take a pee.
Why tell us? You want
somebody to hold your pecker?
MAURICE: Do that work, Joe!
Put it together now, Joe!
That's it, baby!
Take him deep! I love it.
Put him to sleep, Joe!
Sit down, Kenny. That's it!
KAREN: Tryin' to steal this car?
Don't!
[PANTING]
I can't believe this!
Another one of those days?
Nothing seems to be going right.
I don't have the keys.
I see that.
I mean I am not
fucking stealing the car!
You're not?
No, I already
stole it a week ago,
whenever it was, in West Palm.
So I can't be stealing
it again, can I?
Hands on the wheel.
You're gonna
bust me for pickin' up a car?
For the car, for aiding and
abetting a prison escape,
and for conspiring to do
whatever you came here for.
These guys, they're gonna be out
here any minute looking for me,
and they're fucking animals.
What's going on, Glenn?
Nothing. I just wanna
get the fuck outta here.
I thought this whole thing
was your idea.
Ripping off Ripley was my idea,
but these guys, they are in a
whole other level of their own.
Ripley, the Wall Street guy?
The plan was
to pick him up at
his office tomorrow
and drive him out to his
house in Bloomfield Hills.
Now I don't give a shit
what the guys do.
Foley was part of this?
Yeah, but he hasn't
showed up yet,
which is good for him.
Why?
Maurice is gonna kill him
to try to collect the
reward money or something.
But you say he hasn't shown up yet.
You think he backed out?
I don't know. He doesn't
exactly confide in me.
I wonder why.
If you're gonna do this, let's
do it and get out of here.
I am freezing my ass off!
If you wanna get out of here, run.
It'll warm you up.
[SCOFFS]
Really?
I swear to God, if I find out
that you are lying to me...
I know, you will find me.
I believe it.
Hey, you know
what I was thinking?
If you didn't drive me to the
federal court last summer,
you wouldn't even know who I am.
If I didn't know you, Glenn, by
tomorrow you'd be in jail or dead.
Think of it that way. Now run.
[WHISTLING]
I'm tellin' you,
the money is here.
Snoop.
It's the bank robbers.
I'm missin' the fights.
Pull up a chair.
Who's sittin' here?
Glenn.
But he went to the bathroom
a couple of minutes ago,
and we ain't seen him since.
Must've fell in.
No doubt.
Sent these two looking for him.
They came back
shaking their heads.
If he left his coat and he's
been gone a while, then...
Car's here, man. I checked.
[BELL DINGS]
We're leavin'.
Leavin'?
What the fuck?
If Glenn's gone...
Who cares? What does he know?
I thought everything.
Glenn know everything that's
supposed to happen tomorrow.
He may run and tell somebody
that, but that don't mean shit.
Glenn don't know
I changed the plan.
It's happenin' tonight.
Soon as we leave here.
Go back by the house, pick
up some shit we gonna need,
and we just gonna do it.
Give me a minute
to talk to Buddy.
You got two minutes.
Make up your mind.
I wasn't asking permission.
You know they're
gonna set us up.
I get that feeling.
You think you can get to the
diamonds before they do?
I'll make you a deal.
You get outta here right now.
I'll do the job with Snoop,
meet you, give you half.
Half for doin' what?
Gettin' me out of Glades,
for starters.
Who's gonna watch your back?
All right, White Boy.
House call.
[DOORBELL RINGING]
Ready to do this?
Ready for whatever.
Cool. My shit always work.
WHITE BOY: Perennial Plumbing.
WHITE BOY: Somebody called.
You don't know what you're talking
about, because no one was here.
Let's go skiing.
JACK: You still got time
to take me up on my offer.
BUDDY: And leave you alone
with these assholes?
Raymond Cruz.
It's Karen Sisco.
I'm at Ripley's house.
Maurice Miller and four other
men just forced their way in.
They're armed.
I'm gonna need backup.
Who are you? MIDGE: I work here.
I'm the maid. Fuck off!
That's exactly what I'm gonna
do, fuck you, then off you.
Where Ripley at?
He isn't here.
Out for the evening
or some shit?
He's in Florida, Palm Beach.
When's he due back?
You gonna wait for him?
Mr. Ripley's down for the season.
Christmas to Easter.
Stop that shit.
You're here all by yourself?
That's right. Just me.
Where's Ripley's safe,
his valuables?
I don't have any idea.
I fuckin' bet you don't.
We gonna take a look upstairs
in the man's bedroom.
You and Mr. Buddy look
at all the rooms down here.
Check the paintings,
behind the walls.
The man's got a safe.
It's here somewhere.
What about his place
down in Florida?
If you'd called,
we could have checked
the walls down there
before we left.
That is, if you'd bothered
to find out where he was.
Take this bitch upstairs.
You try and trip any alarms,
anything like that,
you gonna be a dead hazel,
you understand me?
Where we at? Where is it?
Over there.
Ever wear one of these?
I don't ski.
Keep an eye on the maid.
I'll have a look around.
Go sit down. Please.
Damn, Mo. How's this
motherfucker livin'?
Check behind the pictures
on the walls.
Hey, Mo. Found some rubbers.
White Boy, why the fuck you
lookin' under the mattress?
You know dude ain't gonna
hide no diamonds under there.
Damn! Dumb Alabama motherfucker.
Where Foley?
Checkin' the other rooms
like you said.
Keep an eye on Foley.
[STATIC ON RADIO]
MAURICE: Ken, stop fuckin'
with the radio, put on a CD.
I don't recognize
none of these bands, Mo.
Just pick somebody.
What, "How to Sing
like Michael Bolton"?
What the fuck you
wanna listen to?
I like Schubert.
Schubert? Well, I don't.
Foley?
[CLATTERING]
Cool.
911 got you on hold, Richard?
Foley! How you doin'?
What in God's name
is happening here?
Who's upstairs?
Snoopy Miller,
couple of his friends.
Maurice, from Lompoc?
Have they got Midge up there?
What man lets a woman
answer the door this late?
We thought it was her husband. He
comes here and checks up on her.
I'm supposed to
be down in Florida.
In a few minutes, you'll wish you were.
Let's go. Come on.
Sit down.
We'll look at your fish.
That's workin'. That's workin'.
[GASPS]
Motherfucker! I found the safe!
Don't go nowhere.
Shit! We gonna have a party!
Look at that bitch.
They found the safe.
Fuck.
Buddy, you remember Richard?
Hi. Nice house.
Thank you.
We just all hit this handle,
blow this sucker wide open.
Let's get ready.
You're gonna kill me with that.
Where you been, man?
Found some steaks.
Steaks?
Some big ones, bro.
Come on,
blast this damn safe open.
He's down there
lookin' for food.
Fool.
Hold it. No.
Get to the side, man.
On three. One, two, three.
Jesus, they're shooting Midge!
Sit down, Dick.
They're trying to open up
the safe, not your maid.
[LAUGHING]
KENNETH: Shit.
We didn't even crack it.
Hit the hinges.
Put your finger in your ear, man.
This is gonna be loud.
On three. One, two...
The combination is 3-10-44.
Richard's birthday.
Thank you.
Are they dead?
We gotta find Foley.
Can't believe you're still angry
with me after all this time.
I'm not angry with you. In
fact, I'm completely relaxed.
I can't figure if it's the
fish that are cooling me out,
or all those uncut diamonds in
the bottom of the tank, there.
Goddamn.
Glenn was right. You got about
5 million worth in there?
Five point two.
They just look
like plain ol' rocks!
They sure do.
You wanna grab 'em?
If I were you,
I'd get up and run.
I'm not leaving Midge.
They're gonna kill you.
If that's my fate then so be it.
I won't leave her.
I'm in love with her.
Come on, Jack.
Good luck, Richard.
They're gonna rape
that maid, aren't they?
By the look of those guys,
the Ripper too.
Then they're gonna kill 'em.
At least.
Tricky motherfucker.
Are those my suits?
These are my suits. Look at you.
Where you been hidin', Dick?
We made it, didn't we?
Just get in the van.
I'm going back in.
I'm goin' with you.
Meet me at the airport.
I'll get one of Ripley's cars.
The shit about to go down here,
you'll be on the phone
with your sister for a month.
I'm sayin' we're square.
Here.
Get out of here!
Get that shit off.
Get your hands off me!
Shut up!
Nobody's gonna help you.
Fuck Midge.
Where the jewels at, Dick?
Foley's got them.
Where the fuck is Foley?
Midge.
[GUN FIRING]
Midge!
Sit your punk ass down.
[GROANS]
Son of a bitch!
Take the front stairs.
I'm gonna take the back.
You all right?
Where's Richard?
He's downstairs. You wait here.
Hold it, asshole. Drop the gun.
Put the damn gun down, now.
[SHOUTING] Put it down!
Stay right there.
Don't move. Maurice!
I got Foley!
Maurice!
[GUN FIRES]
[GUN CLICKS]
Ain't got another clip
I can use, do you?
No, I don't.
Never shot a gun before,
have you?
Not until recently, no.
You a little nervous?
Little bit.
A situation like this
has a high potentiality
for the common
motherfucker to bitch out.
So I figure, why take a chance?
Bitch!
Motherfucker!
Stop! Put your hands in the air!
[EXCLAIMING]
KAREN: Jack!
KAREN: I know you're up there.
Shit!
KAREN: Where's Kenneth?
He's up here.
He's dead.
Come on, Jack, don't.
Pretend it's not me.
You think I'd shoot you?
If you don't,
somebody else will.
What're you now? A desperado?
Put the gun down.
I'm not goin' back.
Don't make me do this.
Put the gun down.
Damn it, Jack, put the gun down!
[SIRENS WAILING]
No more time-outs.
You win, Jack.
[GROANING]
I can't shoot you.
You did. You shot me.
You know what I mean.
I'm sorry. I wish
things were different.
Airport.
KAREN: They don't know yet if they
want to bring him up on the homicides.
I doubt if they will. They'll
just put a detainer on him.
When they're through with him
here, he'll go back to Florida.
MARSHALL: Are you
gonna go get him?
KAREN: It's possible. Why?
MARSHALL: I was just thinking.
You can have a nice time
with him on the ride down,
picking up where your
"interlude" left off,
then you can throw him
in the shithouse.
KAREN: He knew
what he was doing.
Nobody forced him to rob banks.
MARSHALL: My little girl.
The tough babe.
KAREN: I'll call you later.
MARSHALL: Good-bye.
KAREN: Jack.
I got you a present.
Something for the road.
I'm gonna have
to take it away, though,
soon as the ride is over.
OFFICER: Jack Foley?
Meet Hejira Henry.
What kind of a name is Hejira?
It's Islamic.
What's it stand for?
The "Hejira" was Muhammad's
flight from Mecca in 622.
His flight?
Brothers in Leavenworth
gave me that name.
You were in Leavenworth?
For a time. Meaning?
Meaning, the time came, I left.
You busted out.
I prefer to think of it as an
exodus from an undesirable place.
How long before you got caught?
That time?
There were others?
That was the ninth.
The ninth?
Ten if you count that prison
hospital I walked away from.
You done a lot
of walkin', Henry.
Hejira.
Hejira. Now we're off to Glades.
It looks that way.
I was supposed to leave last
night with the lady marshal.
For some reason
she wanted to wait.
JACK: She did?
Guess it's cheaper
taking us in one van.
Could be. Maybe she thought
we had a lot to talk about.
Really? Like what?
I don't know.
Long ride to Florida.